Update get-started-with-the-default-dlp-policy.md (#10529)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/get-started-with-the-default-dlp-policy.md

  
To help protect the sensitive information, the default DLP policy:
  

> - Detects when content in Exchange, SharePoint, and OneDrive that contains at least one of the following sensitive information is shared with people outside your organization.
>   - Credit Card Number
>   - Content containing source code (as matched by our Source Code trainable classifier)
>   - Content matching our U.S HIPAA Enhanced template
>   - Content containing Intellectual Property (as matched by our IP, Project Documents, M&A Files, Software Product developement files, IT Infra and Network Security Documents, and Strategic planning documents trainable classifiers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Detects when content in Exchange, SharePoint, and OneDrive that contains at least one of the following sensitive information types is shared with people outside your organization:
  - Credit card number.
  - Content containing source code (as matched by our source code trainable classifier).
  - Content matching our U.S. HIPAA-enhanced template.
  - Content containing intellectual property (as matched by our IP, project documents, M&A files, software product development files, IT infrastructure and network security documents, and strategic planning documents trainable classifiers).
```
